YGIG Procedures (#405)
vatpac-technology/sops: docs/aerodromes/classc/Gingin.md

--8<-- "includes/abbreviations.md"

## Positions

| Name               | Callsign       | Frequency        | Login ID              |
| ------------------ | -------------- | ---------------- | --------------------------------------|
| **Gingin ADC**    | **Gingin Tower**  | **118.500**    | **GIG_TWR**        |

> ## Airsapce

Reviewer: Airspace misspelt.

> ## Airsapce

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Airspace
```

>  ADC owns the Class C airspace **in the PE CTR** within 5nm of the YPEA ARP from `SFC` to `A035`. This airspace is primarily used for military circuits and initial and pitch approaches.

Reviewer 2: Is ADC's airspace clipped by the 12TAC step like the circuit area is? Or does GIG ADC have ownership over that?

Author: ADC is clipped, its better explained with the diagram from the ad2 sup

> #### Miscellaneous

Reviewer 3: Should be ## Miscellaneous

### Circuit Operations 

> The Circuit Area Airspace is allocated to be within 5nm of the YGIG ARP from `SFC` to `A035` exculding the area within 12TAC Pearce. Aircraft can be instructed to extend outside of this airspace by ATC for traffic management. Hawks have circuit altitude of A016 while both 2FTS and RSAF PC21s are assigned A012.

Reviewer 2: Can probably simplify the circuit height to be `A016` for jet aircraft and `A012` for non-jets (given the variety of traffic we see online)

Author: Will do.

### Circuit Direction

> The Ciruits are preferred to be to the south of the field.

Reviewer: What about for civil. Left/right etc based on runway?

### Initial and Pitch Procedures 

> The intial points for Gingin are RWY 08 is the corner of the pine plantation and RWY 26 is the paddock divided by the creek. The intial point is 1500ft for both Hawks and PC21's.

Reviewer 2: This might be a good candidate for a table. Whilst IRL they get Hawks and PC21s, online it's likely that there'll be all sorts of aircraft, so I'm happy if we want to just nominate a single initial altitude

Reviewer: Good candidate for a diagram

Author: > This might be a good candidate for a table. Whilst IRL they get Hawks and PC21s, online it's likely that there'll be all sorts of aircraft, so I'm happy if we want to just nominate a single initial altitude

Will do 1500ft

> The intial points for Gingin are RWY 08 is the corner of the pine plantation and RWY 26 is the paddock divided by the creek. The intial point is 1500ft for both Hawks and PC21's.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The intial points for Gingin are RWY 08 is the corner of the pine plantation and RWY 26 is the paddock divided by the creek. The intial altitude is `A015`.
```

## Coordination
### PE TCU

> 'Next' coordination is required from GIG ADC to PE TCU for all aircraft.

Reviewer 2: Is there a standard assignable level for departures?

Author: Nope, nothing in the ad2 sup about it

--8<-- "includes/abbreviations.md"

## Positions

| Name               | Callsign       | Frequency        | Login ID              |
| ------------------ | -------------- | ---------------- | --------------------------------------|
| **Gingin ADC**    | **Gingin Tower**  | **118.500**    | **GIG_TWR**        |

## Airsapce

 ADC owns the Class C airspace **in the PE CTR** within 5nm of the YPEA ARP from `SFC` to `A035`. This airspace is primarily used for military circuits and initial and pitch approaches.

> #### Miscellaneous

Reviewer 3: Fix formatting for labels

### Circuit Operations 

> The Circuit Area Airspace is allocated to be within 5nm of the YGIG ARP from `SFC` to `A035` exculding the area within 12TAC Pearce. Aircraft can be instructed to extend outside of this airspace by ATC for traffic management. Hawks have circuit altitude of 1600 while both 2FTS and RSAF PC21s are assigned 1200ft.

Reviewer 3: Fix altitude formatting and grammar

### Circuit Direction
The Ciruits are preferred to be to the south of the field.

### Initial and Pitch Procedures 
The intial points for Gingin are RWY 08 is the corner of the pine plantation and RWY 26 is the paddock divided by the creek. The intial point is 1500ft for both Hawks and PC21's.

## Coordination
### PE TCU

'Next' coordination is required from GIG ADC to PE TCU for all aircraft.

!!! example

>     <span class="hotline">**GIG ADC** -> **PE TCU**</span>: "Next, VIPR01, runway 08"  

Reviewer 3: Runway 08

    <span class="hotline">**PE TCU** -> **GIG ADC**</span>: "VIPR01, Assigned Heading Right 030, unrestricted"  
    <span class="hotline">**PE ADC** -> **PE TCU**</span>: "Assigned Heading Heading Right 030, VIPR01"

## Charts
!!! note
    Additional charts to the AIP may be found in the RAAF TERMA document, available towards the bottom of [RAAF AIP page](https://ais-af.airforce.gov.au/australian-aip){target=new}

### Charts 

> !!! note

Reviewer 3: Remove duplicate lines
